we go to meet them at night away from
the prying eyes of Israeli settlers and
occupation forces nearby three cousins
recently released but with the Spectre
of Prisons still hanging over their
heads 19-year-old Kus Abu Naim was
sentenced to 15 months for throwing
stones a symbolic gesture by Young
Palestinians to resist the Israeli
occupation I was warned not to celebrate
my freedom and not to throw stones of
course they can get me again but in the
end what do you want me to do I'm just
defending myself in my Village I'm not a
terrorist as they say as cus was driven
out of Aer prison his cousin Muhammad
was coming in he had been waiting
outside for cus to be released when
soldiers detained him this wasn't his
first time but during this latest brief
stay in jail he noticed the conditions
had
changed there is psychological torture
it wasn't like that before now they lock
you in a room until you're broken and
admit to anything they want when I got
home the officer in our area told me my
movements were being monitored and next
time they'd harm my wife as
well despite the threats Muhammad thinks
it's important to speak out and hopes
the world will understand how difficult
it is to Simply Be A Palestinian all of
those we spoke to told us the same story
that they were warned not to celebrate
their new found freedom and not to speak
publicly in fact we had interviewed a
group of teenagers but a few hours after
we left they messaged us asking not to
air the interview and they told us that
the Israeli officer in charge of their
Village had called each one of them
individually threatening that if our
interview aired they would return to
jail more than 3,300 Palestinian had
been detained in the occupied West Bank
since October the 7th
the vast majority held without charge
cut off from the
world Palestinians must pay the price
for the attack regardless of whether
they took part in it or not and then all
those detained to use for exchanges
during deals that's why I say that those
who were held after October the 7th are
hostages and not
prisoners when Muhammad nazel was
released the priority was to get him
treatment both his hands were broken in
what he describes as nightly routine
beatings now he's back home seemingly
still in shock and relieved he
survived one of the guys was so badly
beaten his cellmates kept calling and
yelling for someone to help when they
finally arrived they felt his pulse
through the bars he was dead after that
they were just insulters when the
soldier came to fetch me before my
release he said they would hunt me down
and bring me back to jail all the
Palestinian we spoke to on or off camera
share a feeling of unease they are
relieved to be at home but wonder how
many nights they'll be able to sleep in
their beds before Israeli soldiers come
for them again abdulhamid AL jazer in
the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer